A supply chain is also a system of organizations, people,
activities, information and resources
that are involved in the movement of a good or service
from the supplier or point of origin to the customer
or point of consumption.
Supply chains can range from very simple to complex.
Starting with as few as three companies,
to involving dozens of organizations
spread across numerous stages
of supplier and distributor tiers.
A single company may be part of multiple supply chains
if the company handles several different product categories.
Two companies participating in multiple supply chains
may have very different relationships with each other
in each chain.
In one instance, they may be customer and supplier,
while in another chain, the roles may be reversed.
In yet another case, they may be close collaborators
in one supply chain and fierce competitors in other chains
at the same time.